Support multimodal inputs (#971)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/input.md

# Image & Audio Input

Nowadays, some of the LLMs are also able to understand audio and image content.

## Image Input

!!! info
    Some models don't support image input. Please check the model's documentation to see if it supports image input.

You can use [`ImageUrl`][pydantic_ai.ImageUrl] in case you have the URL in hands:

```py
from pydantic_ai import Agent, ImageUrl

image_url = ImageUrl(url='https://iili.io/3Hs4FMg.png')

agent = Agent(model='openai:gpt-4o')
result = agent.run_sync(['What company is this logo from?', image_url])
print(result.data)
# > This logo is from Pydantic, a Python library used for data validation and settings management using Python type annotations.
```

You can also use the `BinaryContent`, if you have it locally:

```py
import httpx

from pydantic_ai import Agent, BinaryContent

> response = httpx.get('https://iili.io/3Hs4FMg.png')
> # We are downloading the image to make the example runnable, but you can use `Path().read_bytes()`
> # to read the content of a file locally.
> image_bytes = response.content
> 
> image_content = BinaryContent(data=image_bytes, media_type='image/png')
> 
> agent = Agent(model='openai:gpt-4o')
> result = agent.run_sync(['What company is this logo from?', image_content])
> print(result.data)
> # > The logo is for Pydantic, a popular data validation and settings management library for Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image_response = httpx.get('https://iili.io/3Hs4FMg.png')

agent = Agent(model='openai:gpt-4o')
result = agent.run_sync([
    'What company is this logo from?',
    BinaryContent(data=image_response.content, media_type='image/png')  # (1)!
])
print(result.data)
# > The logo is for Pydantic, a popular data validation and settings management library for Python.
```
And then add a code hover thing for `# (1)!` below that says:
```
We are downloading the image to make the example runnable, but you could use `Path().read_bytes()` or other approaches to obtain the binary content data in your own applications.
```
Up to you but I just think this is cleaner, and more generally I think we try to use the `# (1)!`-style click bubbles throughout the docs, rather than in-line comments. At least, I got asked to change them on recent PRs and I thought it was the right move.
